We want to allow our users to update movies that they have already ranked.
So we'll start off in our MovieController class,
and we'll add the HttpPatch attribute, and add userId to our route.
Our method has a return type of Task IActionResult,
and we'll call this method UpdateMovie.
We'll take in two parameters, a userId, and using the FromBody attribute,
we'll also pass in the MovieUpdateRequest.
We need to head over to our MovieUpdateRequest class and add in two properties,
MovieName and Ranking.
These are the properties that we'll accept when a user is making the
request to update a movie that they have already ranked.
Back in our Controller class,
we will call off to our MovieRankService class to a method named UpdateMovie.
We'll pass through userId and MovieUpdateRequest.
Once the update has been successful, we'll return OK.
Inside our MovieRankService class,
we will create the method UpdateMovie with two parameters,
userId and MovieUpdateRequest.
Inside our method,
we first need to call off to our DynamoDB table and get the existing record.
We have already added the code needed to get a movie
based on userId and MovieName,
so we can use our existing code to call off to our
MovieRankRepository class to get the existing movie for our user.
Once we have the existing movie back from our DynamoDB table,
MovieRank, we need to add the update to the response.
So we'll call off to our Mapper class to a method named ToMovieDbModel.
We'll pass through our userId and the response that we got
back from the existing DynamoDB item.
We also need to add in the movie update request
that contains the updated ranking.
Inside our Mapper class,
we need to create an overload method that accepts three parameters.
Inside our overload method, we will add userId,
MovieDb, and also the movieUpdateRequest.
We will create a new MovieDb, and we want to map the userId,
MovieName, Description,
and Actors using the response that we got back from
DynamoDB for our existing record.
For our ranking,
we want to map this using the new ranking that the user has given the movie.
So we'll use our movieUpdateRequest,
and map this to our Ranking property in our MovieDb model.
For RankedDateTime,
we want to use DateTime.UtcNow to update the time the movie was ranked.
We will add this method to our interface and head
back to our MovieRankService class.
We now want to call off to our MovieRankRepository
class to a method named UpdateMovie,
and we'll pass in our newly-created movieDb model.
And we'll add this method to our IMovieRankService interface.
In our MovieRankRepository class,
we will use the SaveAsync method that we used to
add our movie to also update it.
We'll create our method UpdateMovie with MovieDb as our parameter,
and using the DynamoDB context, we'll call off to the SaveAsync method,
passing in our MovieDb request.
We'll make sure that we've added this method to our interface,
we'll save our application, and build it,
and now we're ready to run it.
We'll run our application.
And inside Postman, if we add our localhost and port,
along with the movie's route and userId of 3,
we will use the PATCH method.
We will add a JSON body to our request, and pass in movieName of Fast Draw,
and we'll add an updated ranking of 9 down from 10.
We'll hit Send, and we get a 200 OK back.
We will save our request.
And using the GetMovieRequest that we've created earlier,
we'll just make sure that the update was successful. And as you can see, the ranking has now changed from 10 down to 9.